Link to WG charter (#86)
solid/solid-wg-charter: README.md

⚠️ The Linked Web Storage Working Group has now been chartered. See: https://www.w3.org/2024/09/linked-web-storage-wg-charter.html.

> Further information may be obtained via the LWS Working Group Mailing List [public-lws-wg@w3.org](), the Solid Community Group [public-solid@w3.org]() or the Solid GitHub org's steward [solid@theodi.org]().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Questions about the LWS WG can be directed to [public-lws-wg@w3.org](public-lws-wg@w3.org), the Solid Community Group to [public-solid@w3.org](public-solid@w3.org).

The Open Data Institute stewards the Solid Project, including [codebases under the Solid GitHub organisation] [https://github.com/solid](https://theodi.org/news-and-events/news/odi-and-solid-come-together-to-give-individuals-greater-control-over-personal-data/). The ODI can be contacted at [solid@theodi.org](solid@theodi.org).
```
